Critical Success Factors. To succeed with your RPA initiative you should: Establish an RPA Center of Excellence (CoE).
The most successful implementations occur in organizations that establish dedicated teams, responsible
for the overall RPA initiative. Centers of Excellence ensure that best practices are introduced and enforced.
Involve IT: Close collaboration between IT and business is essential for success with RPA
in any organization.
Business must involve IT from the beginning to secure the necessary resource allocation.
Remember to focus on project governance: Establishing an effective governance model is necessary to implement
RPA, to handle organizational changes, update and manage processes as well as control communication
with stakeholders.
This could be done as part of the establishing of
an RPA Center og Excellence as we learned in the previous lesson.
Also remember to manage expectations:
Get to know the technology and opportunities that RPA represents for your organization.
Scaling an RPA initiative is significantly more challenging than automating a single process.
Understand the value proposition:
Prioritize processes suitable for automation that realizes the most value.
Remember that not all processes are suitable for automation.
Secure some quick wins that can be shared as success stories with the rest of the organization.
Choose the right vendor:
Select the vendor that meets your organizations requirements to functionality and that aligns with your automation strategy.
...